the burden against Damascus
[Music]
behold Damascus will cease from being a
city and it will be a ruinous heap the
cities of Aurora are forsaken they will
be for flocks which lie down and no one
will make them afraid the fortress also
will cease from Ephraim the Kingdom from
Damascus and the remnant of Syria they
will be as the glory of the children of
Israel in that day it shall come to pass
that the glory of Jacob will wane and
the fatness of his flesh grow lean it
shall be as when the harvester gathers
the grain and reaps the heads with his
arm it shall be as he who gathers heads
of grain in the valley of refe yet
gleaning grapes will be left in it like
the shaking of an olive tree two or
three olives at the top of the uppermost
bough four or five in its most fruitful
branches says the Lord God of Israel in
that day a man will look to his maker
and his eyes will have respect for the
Holy One of Israel he will not look to
the altars the work of his hands he will
not respect what his fingers have made
nor the wooden images nor the incense
altars in that day his strong cities
will be as a forsaken bow and an
uppermost branch which they left because
of the children of Israel and there will
be desolation because you have forgotten
the God of your salvation and have not
been mindful of the rock of your
stronghold therefore you will plant
pleasant plants and set out foreign
seedlings in the day you will make your
plant to grow and in the morning you
will make your seed to flourish but the
harvest will be a heap of
ruins in the day of grief and desperate
sorrow woe to the multitude of many
people who make a noise like the roar of
the seas and to the rushing of nations
that make a rushing like the rushing of
mighty waters the nations will rush like
the rushing of many waters but God will
rebuke them and they will flee far away
and be chased like the chaff of the
mountains before the wind like a rolling
thing before the whirlwind then behold
at Eventide trouble and before the
morning he is no more this is the
portion of those who plunder us and the
lot of those who rob us
[Music]